Mr. Gu, you see that this community is under construction and laying the foundation.
A lot of dust flies in every day
Like you've always lived in a town garden
Definitely don't understand the situation of ordinary people like us
The environment is too bad
Far from the subway
I still have a few empty houses
Why don't you go live there?
Why is this Gu Yun body so clingy?
I want to
Why don't you just learn to be a gold digger and think you hate me?
I know that Longchuan Apartment 1
It is the best in Longchuan City
I'm going to live there
Yeah, and?
Give me two more babysitters
And a bodyguard picked me up
Um, Mr. Guo, can you do it?
This little trick is trying to deceive me
No way
Mr. Gu, you can't do this
This person is too picky
Otherwise we'll forget it
I mean, it's better to live in a villa than an apartment.
Two nannies are too few
At least 10. Hmm.
Let's go now!
Right now?
Hey, no, no, no, no
I still have to pack my things.
Let's go in a few days.
It's getting late.
I want to rest first
Please go back first.
Mr. Gu